never had need some ways I always think
what I talked to him for 10 minutes and
the phone didn't understand thing he
said what are you what you're talking
about what what coach I am 45 years old
do not make me run wind sprints good
morning good morning good morning good
morning your book
come here look let me talk to you Louisa
Scola my friend from Argentina what I
played in this league 20 years I'm - I
do not have to run I have too much
experience
- what to do bus I've been here 16 years
make sure you do what you do best
hey my brother you know you got to help
you out you got to help you out you got
the back you got to have this back my
brother took hard to live the one doing
he in his mind believes he never
committed a foul in practice preseason
and in regular season games playoffs
Dikembe Mutombo and his mine never
believes he committed a file he's trying
to get us fired up for the game he has
hit he'll have our attention and all of
a sudden he'll say one of the thing we
don't understand it was like let's go
one we did working so all my tongue have
come for three wonders we Bookman we
literally get a bigger chance of
finishing sound like Pete we gotta get
out there on that court at time is
running out just with the game rep just
left the game don't worry about our
story bottles just with the game with
shake finger don't bring this up in here
at all I am the number one sec it shot
her in the leg
I don't know I think Steve Novak may
have had the best to Kim in matumbo I